When you see a falling star tonight, make a wish, it will come true because I wished and I found you.
To say I love you would be an understatement. You are my life and without you I can’t go on.
What on earth did I think about all the time before you?
I just want one thing to go on till the end, and that is loving you. I can’t stop myself from loving you. I Love you dear and will keep loving you.
Our love is like a rose, blooming in spring. It keeps growing as time passes. It is everlasting like the sun. I cannot exist without you. I love you so much.
You are the best thing in my life, you are like a romantic song with lovely lyrics. I promise that my love for you will stay like forever.
They say you only fall in love once, but that can’t be true… Every time I look at you, I fall in love all over again.
I know deep down in my heart, I won’t be able to find someone better because I already have the best.
You have no idea how much my heart races when I see you.
You do a million little things that bring to joy to my life.
Only my heart can understand the things you make me feel. I could go a thousand miles if only to see you happy. Love you lots!
Meeting you was fate, becoming your friend was a choice, but falling in love with you was beyond my control.
Sometimes I wonder if love is worth fighting for, but then I remember your face and I`m ready for war.
I wish dreams were like wishes, and wishes came true, cause in my dreams I’m always with you.
You made my life so beautiful. Thank you for loving me as much as I love you.
If the stars were all aligned they would lead me right next to you your pretty brown eyes light up my world and the love that you give sets my soul on fire
If someone asked me to describe you in just two words, I’d say “Simply Amazing.”
You may not be my first love, but I’ll make sure that you will be my last. I love you so much!
Three seconds to say I love you, Three hours to explain it, and A lifetime to prove it.
Fate brought us together. But it is my choice to stay with you forever. I love, babe.
Just when I think that it is impossible to love you any more than I already do, you prove me wrong.
There are only two times that I want to be with you: Now and Forever.
Whisper to the stars what you want the most in life and be sure they will grant it – I did the same and I got you! I love you!
You don’t have to be somebody else just to keep me. Always remember this. I love you just the way you are.
Love is special when it is true All I think about is me and you.  You are always in mind I love you, my girl. You will always be in my heart.
My six-word love story: “I can’t imagine life without you.”
You are my life, You are my everything A day without you Is like a day without sunshine&lt; I love you!
One day it finally came true, the special someone that I loved, loved me too, and that special someone was you.
You’re the only girl I will love and cherish for the rest of my life. I love you.
Every day with you is a wonderful addition to my life’s journey.
Everyone says you only fall in love once but that is not true, every time I hear your voice I fall in love all over again.
Life is incomplete without love. Like you, my life won’t be complete without you.
Whether the sun rises or not, I will always love you until the end of time.
I will love you today, I will love you tomorrow, and I will always and forever love you. Yes, you!
Loving you is like breathing, I can’t live without you nor your love. To me, you’re my everything and I love you so much.
I’m loving you and I will always love you because I asked for a companion and you were given to me. I love you tenderly.
I’m blessed to have you, but luckier that you found me and I will love you forever.
Like a diamond, your kind is indeed rare and hard to come by, and I want you to know that I’m loving you till the end of the age.
I’m loving you forever as you happen to be my everyday inspiration, happiness and joy. I love you beyond words.
You’ve changed my whole life from good to better and made it more beautiful than ever before. I love you dearly.
Being in love with you make my every day filled with bliss and love. You know I love you right? Well, I do.
To keep loving you, there’s nothing too hard to do, I could walk a thousand miles just to tell you how much I love you.
You’re always in my heart right where you belong, and I’m loving you so much more than words can describe. I love you beyond the stars.
You’re my one of a kind and I’m loving everything about you, my love. I love you to the moon and back.
You’re special just the way you are, and I promise to always love you just the way you are. I love you tenderly.
What I want to do today, tomorrow, and forever is to keep loving you, handsome. I love you forever.
You’re a gift from God to me, and I will never stop cherishing and loving you every day. I love you beyond words.
No two person can take your place in my heart, my life, and my world. You see, you’re my everything and I love you forever.
I loved you then, I love you now, and as time goes on, I will always and forever cherish and love you.
Your charming smile is one of the reasons why I cherish you and I will never stop loving you even if there’s no reason to. I love you so much.
Sweet as a honey is what you are to me, and your love for me is as special as you are, my love. I love you dearly.
I didn’t choose you, but God me you and I vow to always and forever love you so much more than ever before.
You taught me how to love again when I have no reason to. You know I love you right? Well, I do.
Stay with me forever, and I will love you forever and till the day after forever. I love you beyond the stars.
I feel so much better and beautiful when I’m with you and I want to love you with every breath in me. I love you dearly.
You make me gleams with the way you cherish and love me and I want to love you nonstop.
Your love keeps me warm during the cold wet night like a fire on a rainy day. I love you forever.
We do break up to make up, but can never grow or go apart, because we’re meant for each other and I’m loving you for the rest of my life.
You’re the reason why I live and breathe because your love is like the air and I don’t want to go a day without you in my life.
Me without someone as caring and loving as you are is like a house without a roof or a car without an engine. You’re the reason I survive, and I’m loving till eternity.
Today and forever will you be in my heart, my life, and my world. Why? Because that’s where you belong. I love you forever.
Loving you is the best feeling ever and I don’t want to live a moment without you and your love.
Thank goodness for being real, my life wouldn’t have been this beautiful and amazing without you. I love you beyond the stars.
If people do fall in love in heaven, I’m definitely going to be super duper excited to be in love with you all over again and again.
Loving you gives me a reason to live every day with joy, happiness, and love in my heart.
You made my dreams come true, because you’re all I ever wanted and needed, and that’s why I love you more every day.
I just can’t help it but love you forever, because loving you is like breathing. I love you forever.
Your unconditional love for me is the essence of my existence, and I vow to never stop loving you even if there would be a reason not to.
To cherish and love you forever, and to be with you till the end of time are all I ask of God every day. I love you dearly.
You’re a definition of what true love is, and I’m glad you found me. My life wouldn’t have been this awesome without you.
I will do whatever it takes to keep loving you. Loving you is all I need to stay alive and active.
You’ve heard that roses are red and violets are blue but hope you’re aware also that I’m loving you forever? Yes, you.
You’re mine and I’m yours and I’m loving you till the end of time. I love you forever, my dearest.
No matter the circumstances around loving you, I will today and always take my chances. You always give me a reason to smile, live and love.
I would never have known how to love you better if you haven’t shown me how to love first without a reason. I love you forever.
My love begins and ends with you and if people fall in love in heaven, it will always be with you always. I love you beyond words.
I want to be the reason behind your charming smile just as much you’re the reason for the beautiful smile on my face every day. I love you dearly.
You’re my everyday joy and happiness, and I want to be your everyday bliss. You know I love you right? Well, I do.
You will always be mine just as much as I’m yours till eternity, and I will always love you and that’s all that matters.
The feeling of being with you and your love for me is more than what words could describe because I just can’t explain it. I love you beyond words.
My love for you will always stay fresh because you keep watering it with your care and love. I love you more than you know.
Loving you is a course I’ll start from now and end until the day after forever. You’re my lifetime friend and lover.
The thought of you warm my heart just like the blanket warms the body during the winter. I love you tenderly.
If all it takes to see you wear your beautiful smile every day is to always cherish and love you, then I’m loving you forever.
I don’t think I love you, I know for a fact that I’m in love with a beautiful and special lady, and that lady is you. I love you so much.
The world sees it as I’m insane, and that’s true, because but I’m madly and deeply in love with you. I love you beyond the stars.
They said I’m crazy, I told them I’m in love and If they can’t see it, then they don’t know what love is all about. I love you forever.
Without you, I’m incomplete, because you and I are like a package. You know I love you right? Well, I do.
Wherever I am, there you always be, because your love is the blood running through my arteries. I love you dearly.
I love you and you know, but hope you’re aware also that I will never stop loving you? I love you forever.
I started living the moment you found me and you came into my life. I love you to the moon and back.
When I met you, I found real and true love and I want to stay madly, deeply and completely in love with you. I love you beyond words.
Even when we’re far away from each other, it feels like we’re together in each others company. I love you more than you know.
My love for you will always and forever stay fresh like the early morning river. I love you tenderly.
If it wasn’t for you, I wouldn’t know what my life would have become. Thanks for being real and I love you so much.
You make me a better person and I promise to always make you smile even when you’re in tears. I love you forever.
To you, I dedicate my life and I vow my last breath. I love you so much more than you can imagine. Always have and always will.
Whether in this generation or in the next, I will always choose to fall in love with you all over again and again. I love you so much.
If love in a rollercoaster, I would ride it with just one person – you. I love you beyond the stars.
Every day I love you more than the previous ones and I will always do as long as there’s breath in me.
You’re the reason I go through my day with a heart full of gratitude and love. I love you to the moon and back.
You’re my everyday inspiration and motivation and I will always and forever love you.
24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 4 weeks a month, and 365 or 366 days a year, you’re and will always be in my thoughts, my, heart, and my life. I love you forever.
What I feel for you is real.
What runs through my heart is beyond what the eyes can see.
I love you very much, and I don’t want you to hear or watch it. I want you to feel it.
My heart rings each time I come close to you or see a text from you.
I can be your super guy if you give me a chance.
I want to give you a more profound love, rich connection, and much more intimacy.
All I want to do is love you more than anyone has loved you.
You’re priceless. No wonder I’m hopelessly in love with you.
I’m addicted to you, and I know you are my drug.
I want to be your everything as you mean everything to my life. Let’s allow our hearts to speak because all my heart wants is you.
My sunshine, the thought of you brings unexplainable joy to my soul.
The thought of you makes my whole body come alive in the morning. It keeps me motivated all day and puts me to sleep at night. This feeling is real, and there is no denial for I am deeply in love with you.
My emotion tips off, and my heart skips several beats all because of you.
You’ve transformed my system with your tenderness.
Your smile is infectious because I’m smiling when I see your face beam.
All I know is that you’re the right one for me.
Let me give you all of me.
Allow me to get you into my world.
Permit me to share my special and awful moments with you. That’s what real love entails right?
Allow me to be your superman forever.
I will send you my love forever because my heart is channeled to love you back and front.
I was created to be with you, to be in your world forever. To be all you need in this world until the end of our days.
Baby! I love you.
My sweetheart, my affection for you runs more than you think.
My heartbeat, I want to be with you for the rest of my life.
I offer you my sincere feelings and affection. You mean the world to me.
Look no more for the perfect guy for I am here.
I won’t promise to be perfect, but I’ll try to make both of us a perfect pair with the right definition of love.
The first time I saw you, I didn’t see any random girl. I saw the most beautiful woman I’d ever laid eyes on.
Even today, years later, I still pinch myself when I wake up next to you. I am the luckiest guy alive. PS: You still look gorgeous naked.
From this day onward, baby, you can count on me. You know I’ll be true. I’ll be the man of your dreams.
I’ll protect you, I’ll love you, I’ll treat you like a queen. I’ll keep your heart, and you can keep mine. I trust only you, darling.
Baby, from the first time I ever saw you fifteen years ago, you stole my heart in a way no crush ever had before.
I knew right then that you’d be my wife. I want you to know that you’ve never returned my heart after all these years, and I am okay with this arrangement.
Hey baby, here’s a simple note of love and appreciation. I might not say it every day, but I believe you are the reason my life is as good as it is.
You’ve made me feel loved, worthy, and very, very happy. Thank you for everything, and I’ll love you always.
With you around me, I can be myself, there is nothing more than that.
Your independent spirit, your sensual openness, your honesty, that’s my kind of thing. It’s no mistake that I love you.
You blew me away the first day I saw you, and now, with every day that passes, I feel more and more like the luckiest guy on earth.
Believe me when I say your love is everything to me. It’s so real that I can’t discard it. Your love is what every man wishes for in life. I can’t get enough of your love and I don’t wish for it to stop as long as I breathe.
In love alphabets, ‘U’ and ‘I’ were placed close to each other because Without U (You), I (am) nothing. I find my purpose in your sight, and I exist for your love forever.
The more we are together, the more our love grows stronger. I will never leave you for anything because you are worth more than diamond and every other precious stone in this world. I will love you forever.
I feel solitude when I’m beside you, and I feel on top of the world when I hold you in my arms. You bring the best vibe to my life and I can’t stop thanking you for always being my motivation all day.
You brighten my face, my day, my world, and you are one of the most delightful gifts from God. Whenever I look at your cute face, I feel all the happiness in the world at once. I love you, my angel.
One spot, I’ll wish to be right now is on the bed with my head on your laps, as we gist. Nothing beats the feeling I get from spending my time with you because you are my everything.
It’s a blessing to have you as my lover, and I can’t even imagine how it will be without you. Life is too crude but with someone special like you, every day of my life is beautiful. I am grateful to have you here with me.
My desire is to be with you, I hunger for your feel, smell, taste, and the feel of your soul.
When I kneel to pray, I ask the Almighty to shower his understandings on us even when things seem unpromising because there is a beautiful future for us. I know I’ll always love and cherish you because you’re one gift of nature in my life.
I can’t describe what I feel for you. I love you, but how can I prove what my heart feels for you? The feelings will never decrease even if you can’t see it. I will wait for the day you realize that we have wasted so many precious times being apart.
I will put a smile on that face because you are prettier with a glowing smile. I will make you my queen because nobody deserves that position other than you. With my whole heart, I will love you forever.
The journey doesn’t get comfortable, but you have been with me since the first day. I don’t live for myself any longer because you are the best thing in my life. I live for you, baby, and I love you so much.
My queen and heartbeat, I don’t want to be seen as the one who got your love, but I want to be that one person who wouldn’t play with your heart no matter the situation. I want to give you something beyond love. I want to show you what life is hiding from us. A state of pure bliss.
In my thought, you dominate my mind, and In my world, you rule my activities. I’ll love you today, tomorrow and many more years to come because only you complete me and make life worth living.
You’ll remain the number one reason for my existence because you fascinate and inspire me. I can’t stop myself from loving you repeatedly. I am spending my whole life to show you how much I can’t live without you.
Most times you wish to know what I think when I’m silent. I keep wondering if other guys are as lucky as I am to have someone special like you in their lives. You’re a diamond.
Getting you into my life was a feat I achieved. Nobody can replace the position you hold inside my heart. I love you, sweetheart.
Your beautiful eyes captured my heart and your wonderful smile eased all pains. You will forever remain my only boo.
Honey bae, I don’t want to be the perfect lover and friend but the one that you will always call on when you need someone.
Love isn’t just about beauty, but it’s an added advantage to have a girl as beautiful as you being my girlfriend. You are my heartbeat.
Your pretty smile makes everything seem right, even when it’s the opposite. You’re a necessity, and I’m lucky to be your lover. I love you so much.
Meeting you wasn’t an accident. It was the perfect moment of our lives that should be kept safe in our hearts forever. I love you boo.
Your love has changed my world, and your look warms my heart. Your touch makes me quiver and being close to you fills my heart with contentment.
I have always loved you, not for what you are but for what I am when I’m with you. You are a precious jewel.
I’ve been thinking of how priceless you are and I concluded that there is nothing compared to the love you give to me daily.
I’ll keep my words few because I have got several friends; New and Old, but they aren’t as sweet as you. You are my Queen.
The best laughter and tears I shed are the ones we share. You have given me a lot of memories money can’t buy. I love and cherish you my sweet boo.
I have been wanting to let you see the little reaction going on deep inside my heart, but I’m scared you won’t feel the same.
When you look at my text, you don’t have to message me back. I only want you to know that you’ve been on my mind.
My heart is made up of you as an essential component. It is because the hardest thing my heart can do now is to forget each moment we share.
‘I’ is just a word. ‘Love’ is the dearest word ever. ‘You’ is the best word that can describe someone special, so I love you, baby.
4+1 can sit in a car, 3+1 can sit in a tricycle, 1+1 can sit on a bike, but you can sit in my heart because it was made with you in mind. I love you, darling.
You mean so much to me that all I wanted is to have you close to me all day in my life and be the best thing that ever happened to you.
Hey, Sweetie, I just wanted to open up to you on how happy I am to have you in my life. I can’t wait to show you off to the world because I have never seen someone loaded with some much awesomeness.
I want to lock up your hands in mine, with both of us sharing emotional signals without saying a word. I’d wish to look into your eyes and see the reflection of the intense desire that I was feeling at the same moment. My heart beats for you.
You have come a long way to become a special and undeniable factor in my life. I just realized how lucky I am to share my life with the sweetest girl in the world. I won’t love you any less, my dear, because you are my heartbeat.
I cannot deny the impact of your Love. It has made me selfish because I can never exist without you. I want to spend the rest of my life with you because, with you, all my dreams transformed into reality. I love you, my baby.
I am lucky to have you in my life. You fill up my life with your warm love.
“I trust you” is a better compliment than “I love you” because you may not always trust the one you love, but believe me, you can always love the person you trust for the rest of your life.
I will always cherish your love in my heart. I love you in ways that no one ever could.
Sweetheart, thanks for making my life so full of love and happiness.
True love cannot be found where it does not exist, nor can it be denied where it does.
I believe that true love will last forever… if it doesn’t it just means there’s someone else out there who loves you more.
Forever is not a word… rather a place where two lovers go when true love takes them there.
True love can blind you but at the same time if you let it, it can also open your eyes.
Don’t live your life with someone you want to live with; live it with someone you can’t live without.
True love is hard to find, hard to hold onto, hard to forget. Everything about it is hard, but just thinking of the happy times erases them all.
True love doesn’t just fill your heart, it overflows into your whole body and soul.
Love is Like a Golden chain that links our hearts together and if you ever break that chain you’ll break my heart forever!
True love is when the only thing that makes you cry is seeing the one you care about unhappy.
In the arithmetic of love, one plus one equals everything, and two minus one equals nothing.
You are the reason why I have sleepless nights. You’re the reason why I tend to hold my pillow tight. It’s you that I’m thinking of when I lay down at night.
Love is like the deep blue sky with its shadow embracing the oceans beneath. Our love is just like the horizon that meets each other and remains wrapped day in and out!
You might find it easy to fall in love with someone, the hard thing is how to keep that someone forever. But that is the challenge of love, fighting, without knowing how to win!
On a cloudy night, when nothing seems above, still, there is love. Always love. For something, from someone. It’s never done.
Girl, you make me feel special. No matter what, you always try to understand me. I feel blessed to have you in my life. I love you.
Falling in love was the best thing I have ever done in my life. I will always be with you, no matter what. You will have me by your side on both your good and bad days
Everyone says, you only fall in love once but that’s not true! Because every time I see you, I fall in love all over again.
I never saw someone who is as kind-hearted as you. Your warm and generous nature makes me fall in love with you, time and time again.
The day my eyes met yours, I knew you were the one for me. And ever since then, not a single day has gone by where you didn’t cross my mind. Can you feel the depths of my love for you, dear?
My life has filled up with happiness since meeting you. You are the one with whom I want to spend my life. I hope you can feel the warmth of my love.
My dearest, you have embraced all my flaws. You make me feel whole and happy. And the beautiful thing is you believe in me. I love you.
If you live to be a hundred, I want to live to be a hundred minus one day, so I never have to live without you.
I do believe that God above created you for me to love. He chose you from all the rest because He knew I would love you the best!
I never thought I would be able to love someone the way I love you now. Together we have had our good days and bad days. Thanks for being with me always.
I love you so much, babe. I cannot spend a single day without you. You make me realize the true meaning of happiness. Every day, with you, is beautiful.
Life is a journey, and walking with you on this long journey has been the most amazing experience. Thanks a lot for choosing me as your life partner. I am so in love with you.
Whenever I feel sad and low, you always come to me and embrace me with your open arms. The warmth of your body makes me forget all the hardships of the day. I always feel so loved.
I don’t know what I did to deserve someone like you. You always protect me, when no one was with me, you are with me like my own shadow. I love you so much, my love.
In this short life, we meet so many people, but we meet our soulmate only once. And I was lucky enough to meet you. You loved me more than I deserved. My love is so true for you.
I could never forget the warmth of your hands on my hands. I want to feel it every day and every night. So please, be always mine.
I want to fill your life with the smell of all of flowers. I want to make your life as happy as you want. I want to make you as dear as I want. I want to love you till the last breath of mine.
From me to you, from my heart to yours, from my soul to yours, I send you these thoughts and messages enveloped in the aura of pure love. You are my life, my everything.
My heart melts for your heart, my mind seeks yours, and my body craves for your touch. I want to spend every moment with you. Your presence brings me blissful contentment and peace. You are the love of my life!
I want you to know, my sweetheart, that there is nobody else in the world that could ever make me feel the way that you do. I feel so blessed to have met you and I promise you that I will never stop loving you.
I can’t wait to be inside your arms because that is the safest place in the world. I want to be with you all the time, to share every moment of my life with you. You and I are soulmates that are inseparable and our bond of love will keep growing over the years ahead.
My dear, you are not just a special person, you are much more than that. You are my lover, my best friend forever, my inspiration and motivation. I love you with an endless abandon and blissful adoration.
The most touching feelings in my life are all because of you. Your unique inner beauty and kindness illuminate and elevate my life to heavenly splendor. Because of you, my sweetheart, my life is a blessing. I love you!
Please know that you are my one and only true love and I will never leave you, regardless of what life will throw at us. My love is eternally yours.
My heart opens a special window through which I send you messages of love that only you can understand. You are the special part in my soul without which I could never live fully. I love you.
I simply adore your very existence. You are the most radiant and beautiful person who ever lived. I am sure of that because my heart tells me so with every heartbeat.
My dear sweetheart, thank you for being in my life and I promise you my unending love that comes deep from my soul. I love you!
I was dreaming of true love … for a long time. Then you came into my life, as if sent by an angel. All my previous dream of finding love pale to compare to what I found in you. My dear sweetheart, I love you with all my heart and soul.
Just know that my love for you will last forever. Youth and beauty will fade, but my promise will stand because I cannot find any other who could fill in the spot you created in my heart, in my life. I love you faithfully and endlessly.
My dear, you are my sole shining light in this often cold and dark world. You are what makes life worth living. I know that with you, my sweetheart, I would simple wither away like a plant without water. I love you and I always will.
When God sent you my way, it felt like a miracle. My darling, you are truly exceptional and the most loving person on this planet. I cannot live without your love even for a day. I promise to love you until my very last breath.
The most touching feeling that ever happened to me was when I first saw you. I felt a warm and tingling sensation like one can only dream about. I knew in that very moment that you are meant for me. I love you dearly.
You are my guardian angel, my most cherished feeling, my dream come true, my wonderful sweetheart. I thank God for sending you such a beautiful person to this earth. I love you with all my heart.
I don’t know how you do it, that even in a lonely place, I feel so alive because you’re with me.
I need not draw you the shape of my heart, it’s a path you know so well and tunnel your way through, it’s the first part of me you possessed.
‎How will we ever be equal, when my strength is a trickle of yours and the light that fills my world is a reflection of what you shine.
When I ache with love longings and I feel all alone, it is only with your presence that I feel at peace and it is you that gives me a calmness in the lonely hours.
‎My only penance for staying far away from you is to carry you in my heart all day and inside my dreams until you finally appear.
‎I know you love me, the silent smile that crept from within you says it all when I lift your bashful face to carefully stroke your stray hair.
If only you know, how motivated I feel when looking at you‎, your smile is an inspiration that makes me want to go on the forever journey with you.
‎It can’t be too much to ask that I find a comfortable corner in your heart, where I can listen to all the longing whispers that comes with it.
‎They say love is blind. How can that be, when it’s the same love that opens my eyes and led me to you, and you before me, what a sight to behold.
You’re that part of me that makes the whole of me endearing, verdant and pleasure bearing, and all I could offer is a precious part of me. My heart.
‎To a whole lot of people, you might be that girl, to the world at large, you could be anything, but to me, you’re the world and you’re perfect.
The day you came into my world, I can only imagine how the air in the sky must have been because you’re so pure that I could breathe you in.
‎When I think about it, over a long time, how you came to be in my heart, I realize you came in pieces of you fill my heart.
‎Bea-U-tiful, wish I could stress it enough how amazing and alluring you are, even my brain can’t fully express all your qualities.
Your exquisite elegance and beauty hunt my appetite, I remain hungry and unsatisfied only because you seem far away.
‎There are things I never told you like I love the sound of your smile, the taste of your mouth and the way you snuggle up to me.
‎All the time isn’t enough to think about you, every time I close my eyes, you make it hard for me to perceive sleep, it’s either you’re looking at me or soothing my dream.
‎I can stand any bodily aches, hurts, unpleasant pleasures or torments but what I can’t stand, is to see suffering radiate on your face.
‎There is a fragrance that trails you, that even your thought summons the aroma, and your strides are like the breaking of the sun, beautiful moments I look forward to.
‎I’m here thinking of forever, the moments, the duration, and the distance it holds within it, but it’s hard to imagine my days in forever without you in it.
‎The feel of your soft moisturised skin against mine, the spark it brought to my eyes and the gentle pace of my heart are pure bliss.
From this moment, with my heart full of cheerful allegiance, every thought that flash through my mind has a thing to say about you.
‎The sun shields my heart, early in the dawn when you smile at me, and at that moment, nothing else matters because that smile of yours is everything.
‎I can see your smile even in my thoughts, and when I close my eyes, the impulse of your charm I feel on my skin with the passing of the breeze.
‎There are moments I become speechless, you stole the words from my memory each time I see your timid face, blushing with love.
‎It’s not just about your beauty or your curves, but it’s about your mind, the sweet appealing utterance that call out to me.
I may not be your first love, first kiss, or first date but I just want to be your last everything.
If I was a teardrop in your eye I would roll down onto your lips. But if you were a tear in my eye I would never cry as I would be afraid to lose you.
My world was so empty and dark that it all seemed so meaningless to me. But when I met you, suddenly it felt like the sky over me has lightened up by a thousand stars. I love you!
I was dreaming of an angel to come in my life and shower it with unlimited love. Then I woke up and saw you. I realized reality is more beautiful than my dream was. I am lucky to have you!
It’s hard to find someone willing to stay with you in every up and down of your life. I feel blessed to have you in my life because I know no matter what happens you will never stop loving me!
Love can never be measured. It can only be felt. You have painted my life with the colors of heaven. I don’t want anything else as long as your love is with me!
Even if the stars fail to shine and the moon refuses to light up the world, I know I have nothing to fear. I have my guardian angel to look after me, care for me, and love me forever and always. I love you!
You make me forget how to breathe.
Nobody is perfect, but you’re so close it’s scary.
All I need is you right here.
I love you more than I did yesterday but not more than I will tomorrow.
I always wake up smiling. I think it’s your fault.
Just had to let you know… loving you is the best thing that happened to me.
The only time I stupidly smile at my phone is when I get text messages from you.
What is love? It is what makes your cell phone ring every time I send text messages.
Can I borrow a kiss? I promise to give it back.
If there’s anything in life I wouldn’t want to change, it is the chance of meeting you and falling in love with you.
Your sparkling eyes, beautiful smile, sweet lips, and your entire being just hypnotize me with feelings I adore.
You’re the center of my fantasy because I love you way more than the sun than brighten my day and the moon that keeps the night awake.
You came during the darkest days of my life. I was dispirited and broken inside. And when everything was but a mess, Your love shone the brightest. Then I started to dream of a bright future with you. I love you. I surely do.
You have this incredible way of making my heart happy.
I want to be your favorite hello and your hardest goodbye.
The more I spend time with you, the more I fall in love with you every day. You have a very gentle and beautiful heart that I promise to take care of all my life. I love you!
I was lost and hopeless. But I kept praying for a savior to come in my life. God accepted my prayer and sent you. Now I owe you my life for eternity. Loving you madly is the only thing I can do perfectly!
It takes great luck to have someone like you as a boyfriend. I feel blessed every day and every moment for this gift. I will love you till my last breath no matter what life brings before us!
The more I spend time with you, the more I fall in love with you every day. You have a very gentle and beautiful heart that I promise to take care of all my life. I love you!
They say love can’t be seen, it can only be felt. But they were wrong. I have seen it many times. I have seen true love for me in your eyes. And it’s the most beautiful thing I have ever seen!
Thanks for being there for me always. I have never known anyone who could love with such intensity. For me, you are the best lover in this world. I can’t help loving you deeply.
I was lost and hopeless. But I kept praying for a savior to come in my life. God accepted my prayer and sent you. Now I owe you my life for eternity. Loving you madly is the only thing I can do perfectly!
I can’t decide if the best part of my day is waking up next to you, or going to sleep with you. Hurry home so I can compare the two again.
Whenever my phone vibrates, I hope you’re the reason for it.
Everyone has their own motivation to get up in the morning and face the day. You are mine.
Keep me embraced with your arms, as for me being in your arms is the safest place in the world. I love you.
Meeting you was the best thing that has ever happened to me. I feel lucky to have you. I love you, Babe.
I always pray to the lord to never get separated from you no matter how many arguments we have. I want our togetherness to last forever.
The mischievous smile you give, whenever I get pissed off at you, does not let me stay angry for long. I love you more than anything.
You have made me realize that love is the best feeling any human can feel. Thank you for coming in my life. I love you.
I cannot imagine surviving all the hardships of my life without your love and support. Keep holding my hands tightly forever. I love you.
Thanks, sweetheart/ hubby, You are there when I feel sad, You are there when my mood is bad, You always support me in life, You are the only reason why I survive, Love you!
It’s funny how you can go through life thinking you were complete until you fall in love. Now every time we’re apart I feel incomplete, my other half. I love you.
Most women have a certain degree of fear about growing old, as did I. However, as long as I get the opportunity to grow old with you, I know I’ll be just fine.
I know I’m in love. The words: tender, affectionate, handsome, strong, and resilient are no longer a bunch of words. They are you.
Some women say those butterfly feelings you get in your stomach, only exist when you’re a young schoolgirl. How sad, they have never met a man like you.
The messages above will surely please your beloved. Why don’t you try them and let us know?
Our love affair is one in town. It breaks my heart yet glues me to you. My heart breaks, not out of sorrow, but because I can’t have enough of you. That’s the reason I am sticking to and with you forever.
I can’t do without you; that’s the truth, and nothing but the truth.
Your love has done awesome wonders to my life. It is beyond logical explanation yet simple to the heart that has received it. Deep gratitude flows from this heart of mine which your love has transformed.
The first time you knocked at the door of my heart became the last time my life knew any sorrow. I love you, baby.
Words may go out of trend. Wishes may be left unfulfilled. Seasons may refuse to be habitual, but my devotion to you will remain strong, beautiful and constant. You can always count on that.
There hasn’t been a more hopeless adventure than our journey in love at its inception. We fiercely battled together and against each other. But the end of bitterness is only the beginning of sweeter understanding and undying passion between us, lovebirds.
Let the sun dance around with fire in his eyes. Let the moon sway from side to side while flashing her gleaming teeth. Let my soul sing unbarred to the music my lover plays for the universe, and for me.
I owe you my life because at its lowest ebb, the light of your love rescued it from dying a miserable death. Simply put, I belong to you.
Sincerely, your presence wraps up my life into one comfortable package bearing, “Loved, Cherished. Irreplaceable.”
You are an expert in melting my heart into a free-flowing substance which derives its current from the electricity of your unending love.
Try as I could, my brain has failed to bring to reality any other man, living or dead, who could evoke throbbing passion from the very bottom of my belly to the wall of my chest as you do. That makes you the first and only controller of my essence.
As the waters refuse to flow backwards, so my love for you has naturally found its course, and to fill you up until you’re drowned in me.
Tears reveal little about the degree of love I have for you, honey. I love you, and for all eternity, it is going to be you and I forever.
When you smile, nothing keeps the morning light to find its way into the darkest night. That’s even little, compared with the loads of possibilities your pure love brought into my life.
Butter to the flour makes true a palatable mixture. Surely, I wouldn’t have been able to explore the beauty of my qualities if you never gave yourself wholesomely to me. I’m proud to be the butter in your batter.
Babe, you chase away gloominess with the boundless energy of your soul. I think you should know that I am unable to resist the magical force you exert on my emotions.
How terrible it is for me to live a day without as much as a sound from or a sight of you. Never let that be my lot, please.
Someday, I will take little steps back to the past. From there, I will raise my eyes toward the heavens, and with my heart in the present, bless Providence for stunning me with you, the sweetest gift of my future.
Hours run into days and days into months with such incredible speed that I wish I can spend a thousand years of a lifetime with you.
Nobody told me that you are the one; my unseen heart could tell where it belonged as soon as you spoke my name.
As carefree as I am with items of material nature, I can’t bring myself to joke with my love for you. You are everything I hold precious in my life.
When the nightly cold threatens to decimate my bones, the warmth of your body hushes a swift command to it, and my heart comes alive into a brand new day of hope.
Thank you for being someone I can love.
Your kiss is like a spark, it brings out the best in me.
When next I see you, I am giving you an endless row of kisses to make up for missing you so bad.
With the way you smile and laugh, I could live all of my life watching you smile and laugh.
Your love is the companion to my Joy.
A simple text from me coming with the message ” I LOVE YOU”
I definitely have become a better version of ME because I have you in my life.
I feel like the luckiest man in the world because of you.
I want to wake up to kiss your beautiful face.
You can only imagine what I would do to your body if you were here right now.
A relationship with you makes me feel like you are the only one I need in this world. You are my world.
I just got only you on my mind right now.
I can never forget our moments together.
Anytime we go to the movies together I don’t always remember the scenes because I am always distracted by your beauty.
Baby, you are the love of my life and am never letting you go.
You are the first thing on my mind in the morning and the last thought in my mind before I sleep
I love the way you turn my imperfection into perfection. I love you so much.
The true meaning of heartache is when I am away from you.
I feel like every day is Valentine’s Day with you by my side.
If you ask me when I ever need you, my answer will be forever. I can’t imagine my forever without you.
Words will never be enough to satiate you. Let me use kisses then.
Talking to you always lights up my mood. Be mine forever.
Life seems more meaningful ever since I met you.
I won’t adore you any less, my heartbeat because you are my life.
With you, I am so very sure I have found my true love.
I was thinking of something romantic to write to you but all that keeps coming is I LOVE YOU.
Hey baby! You are simply amazing.
You are the most amazing girlfriend I could ever ask for.
With you by my side, there are no special holidays because every day is special.
I don’t want to live a moment without you in it. Stay with me forever.
Explaining how much I love you is almost impossible because I can’t find the perfect words to describe how I feel.
You are my source of joy.
I giggle each time I think about you wrapped in my arms.
Rain or sunshine, my day is special with you in it.
Moments we spend together are memories I can’t seem to erase from my heart.
I can’t imagine a forever without you, Let’s start our forever now. I love you.
You drew memories in my mind I could never erase.
You are a masterpiece created specially by God for me.
Just thinking of you brightens my day.
You are so different and that’s why I can’t stop loving you.
My love for you is for eternity.
My love is getting stronger every day and it’s harder to be without you.
Looking into your eyes I forget about every other thing and I just want to get lost in you.
I am sure that no matter the length of time we spend in this lifetime when we return in the next, we’d still be together. I love you now and forever, baby.
I love you with all the passion there is in the world.
Every love story is beautiful … but ours is my favorite!
You came into my life and all the pieces fit in place.
I want to spend the rest of my life showing you in every way, how much I love you.
Your love engulfs my being and I find myself thinking about no one else but you.
The bustle of life is tough but in your arms baby, I have found a safe haven.
You’re my only joy in this mean world. I love you.